docs: network upgrade (#294)
axelarnetwork/axelarate-community: UPGRADE.md

# Network Upgrade

1. Wait for the proposed upgrade block. Your node will panic and stop once the block is reached. If you are running a validator, you will need to vote for the upgrade proposal beforehand. You can do so by running
```
axelard tx gov vote ${proposal_id} yes \
	--from validator --gas auto --gas-adjustment 1.5
```

2. Backup the state and keys.
```

> mv /home/axelard/.axelar /home/axelard/.axelar_backup

Reviewer: why `mv` and not `cp`?

> mv /home/axelard/.axelar /home/axelard/.axelar_backup

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
mv $ROOT_DIRECTORY/.axelar $ROOT_DIRECTORY/.axelar_backup # run from outside the container
```

Reviewer: Are people supposed to have a `ROOT_DIRECTORY` env var outside the container?  I don't have one on my node.

# Network Upgrade

1. Wait for the proposed upgrade block. Your node will panic and stop once the block is reached. If you are running a validator, you will need to vote for the upgrade proposal beforehand. You can do so by running
```
axelard tx gov vote ${proposal_id} yes \
	--from validator --gas auto --gas-adjustment 1.5
```

2. Backup the state and keys
```
mv /root/.axelard /root/.axelard_backup
```
**Note that your state folder may exist at a different path if you are running your node with the binaries.**

3. Reset blockchain state
```
axelard unsafe-reset-all
```

4. Wait for the Axelar team to publish the new genesis file for the new chain. The genesis files can be found at
- testnet: https://axelar-testnet.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/genesis.json

> Once the new genesis file is published, place it in `/root/.axelard/config/`. **Note that the path may be different if you are running your node with the binaries.**

Reviewer: is this in the docker container?  users no longer have permissions for `/root`
